1. Which of the following statement is invalid in Python?
 __str__=1
 __var=1
 _var=1
 None
2. Quick sort algorithm is an example of
 Improved Binary Search
 Divide and Conquer
 Dynamic Programming
 Greedy Approach
3.The searching technique that takes 0(1) time to find a data is
 Tree Search
 Hashing
 Binary Search
 Linear Search
4.It is an array of some fixed size
 Hash Table
 Linear Search
 Tree Search
 Greedy Approach
5.Which of the following is not a python keyword?
 nonlocal
 local
 assert
 eval
6.They include numeric values that can be either integer, floating point value, or a complex number.
 Numeric literals
 A character literals
 Boolean literals
 String literals
7.___ is created by assigning some text enclosed in single or double quotes to a variable. To create multiline literals, assign the multiline text enclosed in triple quotes.
 String literals
 A character literal
 Numeric literals
 Boolean literals
8.What is the simplest sorting algorithm that works by repeatedly swapping the adjacent elements if they are in a wrong order?
 Selection Sort
 Bubble Sort
 Quick Sort
 Insertion Sort
9.Searching algorithm which the basic idea is to check fewer elements by skipping some elements in place of searching all elements.
 Exponential Search
 Binary Search
 Jump Search
 Linear Search
10.An algorithm that made up of series of instructions that takes an array as inputs and outputs a sorted array is called
 Searching Algorithm
 Sorting Algorithm
 Divide and Conquer
 Greedy Algorithm


Ans:

1. The invalid statement in Python is:
   b. __var=1

2. Quick sort algorithm is an example of:
   b. Divide and Conquer

3. The searching technique that takes O(1) time to find a data is:
   b. Hashing

4. It is an array of some fixed size:
   a. Hash Table

5. Which of the following is not a Python keyword?
   b. local

6. They include numeric values that can be either an integer, floating-point value, or a complex number:
   a. Numeric literals

7. ___ is created by assigning some text enclosed in single or double quotes to a variable. To create multiline literals, assign the multiline text enclosed in triple quotes:
   a. String literals

8. What is the simplest sorting algorithm that works by repeatedly swapping the adjacent elements if they are in the wrong order?
   b. Bubble Sort

9. The searching algorithm which the basic idea is to check fewer elements by skipping some elements in place of searching all elements:
   c. Jump Search

10. An algorithm that is made up of a series of instructions that takes an array as inputs and outputs a sorted array is called:
    b. Sorting Algorithm